Questions:

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
8. What is an absolute path?
9. What is an relative path?
10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

Answers: (Note: I use MacOS)
1. man is used to look at the user manual. rm is used to remove files. Typing man rm will show you the manual for the rm command. To move just use the arrow keys or scroll wheel and to leave press q
2. The -l flag says "Follow all symbolic links to final target and list the file or directory the link references rather than the link itself. This option cancels the -P option." the -a flag says " Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (‘.’) except for . and ...  Automatically set for the super-user unless -I is specified."
3. Using the arrow keys
4. with the end button but if you're like me and don't have a full-sized keyboard you can use control + e
5. Using the arrow keys
6. control + W
7. The terminal is simply an easier way of using the shell. you can use simple commands and terminal will translate that into somthing the shell understands and it'll show you what it does/says. The shell is what connects the Operating user and the kernel, taking in commands and acting on them.
8. the path from the root directory
9. the path from a predetermined directory, When coding its probably your source folder.
10. Flags are used to give extra or more exact instructions in a terminal command. I used -l and -a flags for ls for question 2. I've used -s so that the list is sorted by size and i can find what folders are hogging space.
11. r basically deletes an entire directory and asks you for confirmation for every file and subdirectory being deleted. The F flag just deletes everything inside the directory and everything inside, no questions asked.
